“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” – Mary Kay Ash
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese Proverb
“Only the paranoid survive.” – Andy Grove
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘how far can I push this company in the next 24 hours.’” – Leah Busque
“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.” – Michele Ruiz
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington
“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.” – Joss Whedon
“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”― Neil Gaiman
“Everything you can imagine is real.”― Pablo Picasso
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” ― Helen Keller
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”― Lewis Carroll
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” ― Abraham Lincoln
"Quando entras no curso não sabes nada, mas depois começas a saber tudo" - João Amaral
“The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.” – Unknown
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.” – Catherine Pulsifier
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  – Unknown
“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
“Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.” – Isabelle Lafleche
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk
“Hold the vision, trust the process.” – Unknown
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” – Unknown
“Just another Magic Monday” – Unknown
“One day or day one. You decide.” – Unknown
“It’s Monday… time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go!” – Heather Stillufsen
“It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.”― Marcus Zusak
“Goodbye blue Monday.” ― Kurt Vonnegut
“So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more-positive partnership.” ― Julio-Alexi Genao
“When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.” – Ella Woodword
Monday c’est Mon Day
All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara
I’m alive, motivated and ready to slay the day #MONSLAY
“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become “Successful.”― Jaymin Shah
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”― Abraham Lincoln
“Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.”― Thomas Edison
“Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.” ― K’wan
“Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.” – Unknown
“Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.” – Unknown
“Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.” – Ross Simmonds
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.” – Mark Cuban
“Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.” – Unknown
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” – Aristotle
“If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.” – Marissa Mayer
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.” – Michael Jordan
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together” – Vincent Van Gogh
“If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.” – Simon Sinek
“Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.’ – A.C. Benson
“Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.” – Stanley McChrystal
“It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.” – Lou Holtz
“The hard days are what make you stronger.” – Aly Raisman
“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.” – Michelle Obama
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Kurt Cobain
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.” – Tim Notke
“If everything seems to be under control, you’re not going fast enough.” – Mario Andretti
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” – Thomas Edison
“The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” – Jimmy Johnson
“The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.” – Oscar Wilde
“Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be.” – Benjamin Hardy
“Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.” – Kamari aka Lyrikal
“Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.” – Leah LaBelle
“Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.” – Conan O’Brien
“The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.” – Mother Teresa
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.” – Earl Nightingale
“If you work on something a little bit every day, you end up with something that is massive.” – Kenneth Goldsmith
“The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.” – Oprah Winfrey
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end.” – Unknown
“Amateus sit around and wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.” – Stephen King
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.” – Steve Jobs
“Nothing will work unless you do.” – Maya Angelou
“Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted.” – Christine Caine
“Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.” – Unknown
“Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.” – Unknown
“Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.” – Anne Frank
“Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.” – Garrison Keillor
“Don’t quit yet, the worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful.” – Unknown
“When written in Chinese the word “crisis” is composed of two characters – one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.” – John F Kennedy
“Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.” – St. Jerome.
“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” – Arthur Ashe
"O que importa é manter a calma ché" - Bruno Lemos